---
tags:
  - words
  - forgettable
---

aggravate

- ▶She found him childish and rather aggravating.  
▶The government's actions will only aggravate the problem.  

plummet

- SYN plunge
▶Share prices plummeted to an all-time low. 
▶Her spirits plummeted at the thought of meeting him again.

exponentially  

- 1(mathematics) of or shown by an exponent
▶2 4 is an exponential expression.
▶an exponential curve/function
2(formal) (of a rate of increase) becoming faster and faster
▶exponential growth/increase
▶ex•po•nen•ti•al•ly|BrEˌekspəˈnenʃəli; NAmEˌekspəˈnenʃəli|adverb
▶to increase exponentially

resumption

- ▶There are hopes for an early resumption of diplomatic relations.
▶We are hoping for an early resumption of the peace talks.

culminate

- ▶There followed a gun battle which culminated in the death of two police officers.

procrastinate

- ▶People were dying of starvation while governments procrastinated.

streamline

- 1~ sthto give sth a smooth even shape so that it can move quickly and easily through air or water
▶The cars all have a new streamlined design.
2~ sthto make a system, an organization, etc. work better, especially in a way that saves money
▶The production process is to be streamlined.

meticulous

remuneration for

implore

- Frenchimplorer or Latinimplorare‘invoke with tears’.  
▶~ sb to do sthShe implored him to stay.
▶~ (sb) + speech‘Help me,’ he implored.
▶~ sbTell me it's true. I implore you.

efficacy

incumbent

ubiquitous

- ▶He is as recognizable and as ubiquitous as the celebrities he photographs.

be adept at

- ▶He was extremely adept at avoiding getting caught.

scrutinize

- ▶She leaned forward to scrutinize their faces.
▶The statement was carefully scrutinized before publication.

pivotal

proceedings

delectable delicious

testimonial

- 1a formal written statement, often by a former employer, about sb's abilities, qualities and character; a formal written statement about the quality of sth
▶a glowing testimonial
▶The catalogue is full of testimonials from satisfied customers.
2a thing that is given or done to show admiration for sb or to thank sb
▶a testimonial game (= to raise money for a particular player)
▶He attended a testimonial dinner in his honour.

---

